FINAL PRE-LAUNCH LABORATORY FREEZE AUDIT

The MSD laboratory has completed the engineering, equivalence, governance, and readiness audits.

Before the first official Phase 8 Scientific Discovery Campaign, perform one final read-only laboratory freeze verification.

IMPORTANT

Do NOT modify any code.

Do NOT execute Phase 8.

Do NOT access IndexedDB.

Do NOT read MarketStates.

Do NOT change any configuration.

This is a pure verification audit.

Verify that the laboratory is frozen

Verify that:

phase8-engine.js is identical to the version certified by the Server Execution Equivalence Audit.
server.js is unchanged.
index.html is unchanged.
msd-phase8-campaign.html contains only the governance additions previously approved.
No scientific algorithm has changed since certification.
Verify the frozen scientific protocol

Confirm that the runtime is permanently fixed to:

feature version = ncf_v1
search space version = search_space_spec_v2
permutations = 1000
seed = 42
alpha = 0.05
correction = Benjamini–Hochberg
null model = circular shift permutation
uncertainty policy = filter_certain_only
symbol = 1HZ100V
80 candidates
16 features
lead times = 1–5
observation window = 20 ticks

Verify that none of these values can be overridden by:

browser
POST body
query parameters
URL
JavaScript console
environment variables
localStorage
sessionStorage
Verify protocol integrity

Confirm that:

Protocol Seal is generated before any MarketState data is read.
Search-space hash is deterministic.
Runtime search space is identical to the Protocol Seal.
Candidate enumeration is deterministic.
Candidate order is deterministic.
RNG is deterministic.
Hypothesis hashes are deterministic.
Dataset fingerprint is deterministic.
Discovery decisions are deterministic.
Verify immutable execution

Confirm that after clicking Execute Phase 8 Campaign:

search space cannot change
permutation count cannot change
alpha cannot change
seed cannot change
feature version cannot change
candidate order cannot change

until the campaign completes.